Three German officers crossed the Rhine.
At last they came to a wayside in.
They opened the door and they walked right in.
Oh, landlord, have you a doctor fair?
Oh, landlord, have you a daughter fair with lily white teeth and golden hair?
Yo-ho, you buggers, yo-ho, you buggers, yo-ho, yo-ho, yo-ho.
Oh, yes, I have a daughter fair, yo-ho, yo-ho.
Oh, yes, I have a daughter fair with lily white teeth and golden hair, yo-ho, you buggers, yo-ho, yo-ho.
Oh, Landlord, lend us your daughter fair, ya ho, ya ho.
Oh, Landlord, lend us your daughter fair, for we're the answer to a maiden's prayer.
Ya ho, ya buggers, ya ho, ya buggers, ya ho, ya ho, ya ho.
My daughter fair is much too young to be buggered about by your sons of guns.
Oh, Father dear, I'm not too young, yo-ho, yo-ho.
Oh, Father dear, I'm not too young, I've been buggered about by the parson's son, yo-ho, you bugger, yo-ho, you bugger, ho, ho, ho.